Are you dumbfounded?
Slightly dumbfounded, slightly dumbfounded
Chief Engineer of the Academy of Sciences
This is the highest honor
And the existence of the highest academic standards
No wonder he can build such advanced robots
That's not possible.
He's a piece of crap.
Right.
When did this loser become the chief engineer?
Absolutely impossible
Qingfeng is our door-to-door son-in-law
Haven't been out in years
How could he be
Chief Engineer of the National Academy of Sciences
I do research
I can't give you a report every day, can I?
Mom
Qin Feng is really the chief engineer of the National Academy of Sciences
The day we came to Beijing
Dean Li also picked us up
There are also a few grandfathers who said what the dean was
Haha Dean Li
Is this a mistake?
Dean Li
I'm a little old
But I'm not so dizzy
I don't know Mr. Qin
Yeah, but what can I say?
That does have rights
Decide whether China will participate in volcanic engineering projects
Yes, sir.
I'm afraid we can't get him to apologize today.
He is just the chief engineer of the Chinese Academy of Engineering
No big deal.
If he's really capable
China's technological level
It has long surpassed our Germany
Mr. Koizumi
The scientific and technological development of our country
Don't worry about it.
That's right, our current technological level in China
It is indeed not as good as the island country
But as long as I'm here
I promise to fully surpass the island country within a year
Total Transcendence
Why?
Is this robot based on your appearance?
Not bad, just rely on Xiaoxue